Fix grammarly issues (#4059)
openvinotoolkit/cvat: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

-->

<!-- Raised an issue to propose your change (https://github.com/opencv/cvat/issues).

> It will help to avoid duplication of efforts from multiple independent contributors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It helps to avoid duplication of efforts from multiple independent contributors.
```
